Rewords Motivation section of template. (#3081)
ethereum/EIPs: eip-template.md

A short (~200 word) description of the technical issue being addressed.

## Motivation

> The motivation section should describe the "why" of this EIP. What problem does it solve? Why should someone want to implement this standard? What benefits does it provide to the Ethereum ecosystem? What are the use cases that this EIP addresses?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The motivation section should describe the "why" of this EIP. What problem does it solve? Why should someone want to implement this standard? What benefit does it provide to the Ethereum ecosystem? What use cases does this EIP address?
```
